# Bio-it115-sp21-91 6My name is Jorge Celestino and I am from Washington. I am currently a student in the Year Up Program at Seattle Central Community College, where I study Software Development and Testing. In my experience of working in agriculture, I have planted, harvested, and stored crops using heavy machinery. Having worked with such machinery, I understand the need to improve the equipment to be more efficient. With both my experience and my current education track, I would be a great fit for your company in developing software and hardware that will benefit the agriculture partnerships your company currently has.	 I and a couple other student started the science team in high school. We did a fundraiser to fund a trip to M.T. St Helens for 3 days to do research. Our team was in charge of researching the ph of the water in the lakes around to determine what kind of fishes and plants could grow. After our research trip we presented our data in WSU Vancouver along with 15 other schools we were the only 1A school there. My team took first place as best research. I played soccer for Wahluke high school for 3 years and was state champion 2 times in a row. I was president of the FFA club for my chapter. As well as captain of the cross-country team my senior year of high school. I participated in after school programs for coding and got to visit the Microsoft Facility in Quincy Washington.	 after graduating i started working on a farm in my town. I would plant, and harvest crops as well as maintaining all for the tractors up to date on oil changes. If anything broke in the farm, I would assist the repairs or changing to new parts. I have some mechanical, and welding background. We would operate back hoes to put new water lines to water crops. Using Gps to keep track of what we do to crops and fields. 
